[Music]
Luke Skywalker initiates a plan to
rescue Han Solo from the crime lord
Jabba the Hutt with the help of Princess
Leia Lando Calrissian Chewbacca c-3po
and r2d2 Leia infiltrates Jabba's palace
on Tatooine disguised as a bounty hunter
with Chewbacca as her prisoner Leia
releases Han from his Carbonite prison
but she is captured and enslaved Luke
arrives soon after but is also captured
after a tense standoff after Luke
survives his battle with Jabba's rancor
Jabba sentences him and Han to death by
feeding them to the Sarlacc Luke frees
himself and battles Jabba's guards
during the chaos Leia strangles Jabba to
death and Luke destroys Jabba's Sail
Barge as the group escapes while the
others rendezvous with the Rebel
Alliance Luke returns to Dagobah where
he finds that Yoda is dying before he
dies
Yoda confirms that Darth Vader once
known as Anakin Skywalker is Luke's
father and that there is another
Skywalker
the spirit of obi-wan Kenobi confirms
that this other Skywalker is Luke's twin
sister Leia obi-wan tells Luke that he
must fight Vader again to defeat the
Empire the Rebel Alliance learns that
the Empire has been constructing a new
Death Star under the supervision of the
Emperor himself as the station is
protected by an energy shield han leads
a strike team to destroy the shield
generator on the forest moon of Endor
doing so would allow a squadron of
starfighters to destroy the Death Star
the strike team accompanied by Luke and
Leia travels to Endor in a stolen
Imperial shuttle on Endor Luke and his
companions encounter a tribe of Ewoks
and after an initial conflict gained
their trust later Luke tells Leia that
she is his sister Vader as their father
and that he must go and confront him
surrendering to imperial troops Luke is
brought to Vader and unsuccessfully
tries to convince him to turn from the
dark side of the force Vader takes Luke
to the Death Star to meet the Emperor
intent on turning him to the dark side
the emperor reveals that the Death Star
is actually fully operational and the
rebel fleet will fall into a trap on
Endor han strike team is captured by
imperial forces but a surprise
counter-attack by the Ewoks allows the
rebels
battle the Imperials meanwhile Lando
piloting the Millennium Falcon leads the
rebel fleet to the Death Star only to
find out that the shield is still active
and the Imperial fleet is waiting for
them the emperor attempts Luke to give
in to his anger and Luke engages Vader
in a lightsaber duel Vader senses that
Luke has a sister and threatens to turn
her to the dark side enraged Luke tax
Vader and severs his prosthetic right
hand the Emperor tells Luke to kill
Vader and take his place but Luke
refuses declaring himself as a Jedi as
his father had been furious the Emperor
tortures Luke with Force Lightning
unwilling to let his son die
Vader throws the Emperor down a reactor
chute to his death but in the process
Vader is mortally electrocuted at his
last request
Luke removed the redeemed Anakin's mask
before he dies in Luke's arms as the
battle between the Imperial and Alliance
fleets continues the strike team defeats
the Imperial forces and destroys the
shield generator allowing the rebel
fleet to launch their assault on the
Death Star
well ando leads a group of rebel ships
into the Death Star's Corps and destroys
the main reactor as Luke escapes on a
shuttle with his father's body the
Falcon flies out of the Death Star's
superstructure as the station explodes
on Endor Leia reveals to Han that Lucas
her brother and they kiss Luke returns
to Endor and cremates Anakin's body on a
pyre as the rebels celebrate their
victory over the Empire Luke smiles as
he sees the spirit of obi-wan Yoda and
Anakin watching over them
[Music]
you